JAY,
SHOULD I GET RID OF THIS?
THE HAT, THE JACKET,
OR THE CANE?
ACTUALLY, YES.
JUST YES.
WE'RE HAVING A YARD SALE
FOR OUR SOCIAL STUDIES CLASS
TO RAISE
MONEY FOR UNICEF.
THE POINT IS FOR US TO LEARN
ABOUT GLOBAL ALTRUISM.
NO,
THE POINT IS FOR US
TO RAISE MORE MONEY
THAN MISS COOPER'S CLASS
SO WE GET A PIZZA
AND A POOL PARTY.
YOUR CYNICISM MAKES ME SAD
FOR OUR WORLD.
EASE UP, DELGADO.
I'VE SEEN YOU WITH A PIZZA.
UGH.
I HATE GARAGE SALES.
BUNCH OF SHADY CHARACTERS
GOING THROUGH MY STUFF.
WHY CAN'T
I JUST WRITE A CHECK?
AY, RELAX, JAY.
IT'S JUST A COUPLE OF PEOPLE
IN THE DRIVEWAY.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
THAT'S WHERE IT STARTS.
THEN IT'S, "IT'S JUST
A LOCAL CALL."
"CAN I USE YOUR BATHROOM?"
"MY MOTHER NEEDS TO LIE DOWN."
NO, IT JUST STINKS.
HE DID WRITE A CHECK.
SHH! THE LESS HE KNOWS,
THE BETTER.
YOU'RE NOT EVEN HERE
ANYMORE.
But it's my stuff.
Where's Mom?
Luke, take me to Mom.
And move slow.
I'm still drunk--
--ing my coffee.
Mom!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
Uh, tell Luke not to sell
my stuff?
HONEY, COME ON.
GIVE IT UP.
EVEN JOHN MAYER DOESN'T HAVE
A JOHN MAYER POSTER ANYMORE.
It's signed by him.
IT'S TIME YOU KNEW--
THEY COME THAT WAY.
But it's "To Haley."
IN A DIFFERENT COLOR.
YOUR DAD WROTE THAT.
Ew! He wrote
my "body is a wonderland."
I DIDN'T CATCH THAT
TILL AFTER.
MOM, IS IT OKAY IF MICHAEL COMES
TO THE YARD SALE?
WELL, HONEY,
DIDN'T YOU SEE HIM LAST NIGHT?
SO?
WHY DON'T YOU LIKE
MY BOYFRIEND?
I DO LIKE HIM.
I'M JUST 90% SURE
HE'S 100% GAY.
YES, WHEN MICHAEL TOOK ME
TO PROM,
I QUESTIONED HIS SEXUALITY.
BUT THEN... WE MADE OUT.
A COUPLE TIMES.
THERE WAS EVEN A LITTLE...
UNDER-THE-SHIRT ACTION.
HIS CHEST IS VERY SMOOTH.
HEADS UP!
COMING THROUGH!
WOW! I AM GLAD YOU'RE FINALLY
GETTING RID OF THAT THING.
WHAT? I'M NOT SELLING
THIS BAD BOY.
I WAS GONNA MEET YOU
AT YOUR DAD'S
AND GET A LITTLE EXERCISE
ON THE WAY.
WHAT'S, UH, WHAT'S YOUR BEEF
WITH MY StreetStrider?
EVEN I THINK IT'S NERDY,
AND I'M FLUENT IN ELVISH.
IT'S NOT NERDY.
LUKE, BACK ME UP.
I HOPE YOU MEAN
INTO THE GARAGE,
BECAUSE I HAVE FRIENDS
ON THIS STREET.
HONEY,
YOU FINALLY FOUND SOMETHING
LESS COOL THAN THOSE PANTS
THAT ZIP OFF INTO SHORTS.
MY SHANTS, WHICH YOU HAVE BEEN
GUNNING FOR SINCE DAY ONE.
DOES IT MATTER TO ANY OF YOU
THAT THIS IS ACTUALLY
AN EXTREMELY EFFICIENT
CARDIOVASCULAR WORKOUT
THAT COULD PROLONG MY LIFE?
MM, YEAH, BUT WHAT KIND OF LIFE?
AND WITH WHOM?
♪♪
REMEMBER, EVERYONE,
THIS IS FOR CHARITY.
EVERY DOLLAR WE EARN HELPS
A DISEASED CHILD,
A STARVING CHILD,
AN ABUSED CHILD.
NOW HAVE FUN!
SPEAKING OF STARVING CHILDREN,
HERE'S MY CONTRIBUTION.
SIX PAIR OF JEANS
THAT DON'T FIT ME ANYMORE
BECAUSE I'VE LOST
25 POUNDS.
THAT'S LIKE... ONE, TWO, THREE
CHILDREN'S BOWLING BALLS.
(Gloria) MM, BRAVO!
(Phil) HEY!
(Claire) VERY NICE.
(Mitchell) CAM?
C-CAM, ARE--ARE YOU REALLY
GETTING RID OF ALL OF THESE?
I MEAN, THEY'RE ALMOST NEW.
IT'S...WELL, WHAT IF YOU, UM--
WHAT IF I WHAT, MITCHELL?
PUT THE WEIGHT BACK ON?
NO! NO. (laughs)
(chuckles)
NO, WHAT IF YOU--
YOU THINK OF SOME CREATIVE
ART PROJECT THAT REQUIRES DENIM?
YOU KNOW, SOMETHING FARM
OR KELLY CLARKSON-THEMED?
I'VE ALREADY DOWN SO MUCH
WITH THAT MOTIF.
YEAH. YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT? NO, SELL 'EM!
I WANNA PURGE,
WHICH, FOR THE RECORD,
IS NOT HOW I LOST THIS WEIGHT.
OH, EVERY TIME.
EVERY TIME HE LOSES WEIGHT,
HE GETS RID
OF HIS BIG PANTS.
AND THEN WHEN HE PUTS
THE WEIGHT BACK ON,
HE HAS TO BUY THEM ALL NEW
AGAIN. IT'S--IT'S A NIGHTMARE.
JUST PUT THE JEANS IN THE CAR
WHILE HE'S IN THE HOUSE.
NO, DAD!
THAT'S INCREDIBLY DIS--
I'M GONNA DO THAT.
YEAH.
WHOA! WHERE YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING WITH THOSE?
OH, THESE AREN'T FOR SALE.
HEY,
THIS IS FOR CHARITY.
YOU KNOW YOU'RE TAKING
THOSE JEANS OUT OF THE HANDS
OF SOME NEEDY,
GIANT CHILDREN.
YOU KNOW THEY'RE NOT GETTING
THE ACTUAL JEANS, RIGHT, LUKE?
OH. RIGHT.
WELL, THEN HOW ABOUT
A DONATION?
20 BUCKS?
100.
20?
SURE.
WHAT'S IT TO YOU
IF SOME KID GETS SICK
BATHING IN POO RIVER,
AFRICA?
EW.
HOW MUCH FOR THE ASHTRAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S THE TAG SAY?
50 CENTS.
BUT THERE'S A CHIP IN IT.
WELL, THAT'S WHY IT'S LYING
ON A BLANKET ON MY LAWN,
NEXT TO SOME OLD CORN
ON THE COB HANDLES.
I'LL GIVE YOU 35.
YOU'RE WEARING A $10,000 WATCH.
YOU'RE HAGGLING OVER 15 CENTS?
YOU LIVE IN THIS PLACE, AND YOU
CAN'T LET THAT 15 CENTS GO?
FINE. 35.
CAN YOU BREAK A 50?
GET OUT.
MANNY.
WHAT IS THIS CASE
DOING HERE?
I FOUND IT IN THE ATTIC.
WHY? WHAT IS IT?
NOTHING THAT CONCERNS YOU.
IT'S FROM COLOMBIA.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU SAID--
YOU THOUGHT NOTHING.
(closes latches)
IT'S GOING BACK IN THE ATTIC,
AND I WANT NO MORE QUESTIONS.
WHY?
THAT'S A QUESTION.
WOW. THAT WAS WEIRD.
TOO WEIRD.
I WONDER
WHAT'S IN THERE.
WAKE UP, DELGADO.
LOCKED BOX, FROM COLOMBIA,
"NO MORE QUESTIONS"?
IT'S OBVIOUSLY
A HUMAN HEAD.
WHY IS THAT ALWAYS
YOUR FIRST GUESS?
ONE OF THESE DAYS,
I'M GONNA BE RIGHT.
NO WAY!
YOU'RE
SELLING THE HARLEY?
NO, I'M JUST TRYING
TO MOVE IT OUT OF THE WAY.
SOME ASSHAT OFFERED ME
100 BUCKS FOR IT.
BUT WITH THE BABY COMING,
I GUESS I AM GONNA SELL IT.
OH,
SHE'S A BEAUT.
WHAT, YOU WOULDN'T BE
INTERESTED IN IT, WOULD YOU?
WHY WOULDN'T I BE?
WELL, I JUST NEVER
THOUGHT OF YOU
AS A MOTORCYCLE
KINDA GUY.
I WOULD BE IF CLAIRE
WOULD EVER LET ME HAVE ONE.
YOU CAN HAVE A MOTORCYCLE
IF YOU WANT.
HA HA HA! (chuckles)
CAN I ALSO HAVE AN AFFAIR
WITH MY SUPER HOT RECEPTIONIST?
WHAT SUPER HOT
RECEPTIONIST?
DON'T CHANGE THE SUBJECT!
NOW WHAT WOULD EVERYBODY
LIKE FOR LUNCH?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY
A MOTORCYCLE
IF YOU DON'T WANT ONE.
BUT DON'T BLAME IT ON ME.
I'M FINE WITH IT.
SERIOUSLY?
YEAH.
YEAH, LOOK, I KNOW IT'S NOT
THE SAFEST THING IN THE WORLD,
BUT IT IS SEXY.
(chuckles)
YES.
I LOT MORE SEXY THAN THAT
CRAZY MACHINE YOU RODE UP ON.
MM.
IS THAT SOMETHING THAT
YOUR DOCTOR MAKE YOU USE?
ALL RIGHT, I'M GONNA TAKE THIS
AROUND BACK,
UNLESS YOU'D LIKE
TO GO FOR A TEST-DRIVE.
SURE. LET'S GO.
NOT TOO FAST.
PRECIOUS CARGO.
I'M NOT TAKING YOU,
SWEETHEART.
I'M DRIVING?
AWESOME!
(laughing)
I'M TERRIFIED
OF MOTORCYCLES,
BUT SOMETIMES YOU HAVE
TO DO THINGS TO SHOW THE WORLD
YOU'RE STILL A MAN.
SAME REASON
I GOT THAT HENNA TATTOO.
JAPANESE SYMBOL
FOR "COURAGE."
YEAH.
OH, MICHAEL'S HERE!
HI, MICHAEL!
HI!
WELL, WELL, WELL.
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?
IS THERE A-A NEW MAN
IN ALEX'S LIFE?
WELL,
SHE CERTAINLY THINKS SO.
(lowered voice) IS THERE ANY WAY
THAT BOY IS STRAIGHT?
OOH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHO ARE WE LOOKING AT?
UH, IT'S ALEX'S NEW "BOYFRIEND"
MICHAEL.
WHAT'S UP
WITH THE AIR QUOTES?
SHE THINKS HE'S GAY.
I "THINK" HE'S GAY THE SAME WAY
I "THINK" THAT LAMP IS HIDEOUS.
OKAY, BROUGHT IT,
MADE IT ART CLASS.
LOOK, I LIKE MICHAEL.
I REALLY DO.
I JUST--I DON'T WANT HER
TO GET HER HEART BROKEN.
WHEN IT COMES
TO BOYS,
HER SELF-ESTEEM IS
LOW ENOUGH AS IT IS.
I DON'T KNOW.
ALEX SEEMS PRETTY DARN TOUGH.
OH, SHE'S JUST SARCASTIC
ON THE OUTSIDE.
INSIDE, SHE'S JUST
A FRAGILE LITTLE GIRL.
BY ALL MEANS, LOOK RIGHT AT ME
WHEN YOU SAY THAT.
IF SHE WANTS TO GET
HER HEART BROKEN BY A GAY GUY,
SHE CAN DO
SO WHEN SHE'S 18 OR 19
AND CAN DRINK HER WAY
THROUGH IT.
AW. YOU'RE A "GOOD MOTHER."
MM-HMM.
I DON'T KNOW,
CLAIRE. YOU COULD BE WRONG.
BOYS AREN'T AS CONCERNED ABOUT
TRADITIONAL MASCULINITY ANYMORE.
YOU KNOW, THEY'RE NOT
BUTCHING IT UP.
THEY'RE NOT PUSHING DOWN
THEIR FEELINGS.
YEAH,
THEY CARE ABOUT THEIR CLOTHES.
MM-HMM.
THEY--THEY--THEY GROOM.
EVERYBODY'S HAIRLESS.
YOU CAN'T TELL
ANYTHING ANYMORE.
MNH-MNH.
REALLY?
YEAH.
OH! HEY. HEY.
UNCLE MITCH, UNCLE CAM,
THIS IS MICHAEL.
HI!
HELLO.
HI.
OKAY, COME ON.
YEP, HE'S GAY.
WE STAND CORRECTED.
(whispers) YEAH.
(starts engine)
OKAY.
NOW BE CAREFUL.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO CRASH.
AW!
I DON'T WANT THE BIKE
ALL SCRATCHED UP.
OH.
AND DON'T BE NERVOUS.
PEOPLE MAKE MISTAKES
WHEN THEY'RE NERVOUS.
I'M NOT NERVOUS.
(chuckles)
I'VE HAD BIGGER HOGS THAN THIS
BETWEEN MY LEGS.
(revs engine)
HE REALLY OUGHTA RUN THINGS
THROUGH HIS HEAD FIRST.
YEAH.
(Phil) I KNOW I LOOKED
SUPER COOL ON THE OUTSIDE,
BUT ON THE INSIDE,
I WAS TERRIFIED.
AND THEN
I REMEMBERED THAT
FONZIE ONCE PUT TOGETHER
A WHOLE MOTORCYCLE WHILE BLIND.
AND I THOUGHT,
THAT WAS A GREAT SHOW,
AND I GOT REALLY DISTRACTED
AND--AND I FORGOT
I WAS SCARED.
SO I HEADED UP THE CANYON
AND I LEFT THE CITY BEHIND.
I'D NEVER FELT
SO EXHILARATED.
I DON'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHEN IT HAPPENED,
BUT SOMEWHERE ON THAT LONELY
ROAD... (turns off engine)
THE BIKE AND I BECAME ONE.
(metal rattles)
OH.
OHH.
OH, NO.
NO.
OH, YOU'RE HEAVY!
NO!
OHH!
(groaning)
UH-OH.
(panting)
LOCK THE DOOR.
(grunts)
OKAY,
LET'S DO THIS.
NO MATTER WHAT WE FIND IN HERE,
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE MY MOTHER.
EVEN IF IT'S A HEAD?
(opens latches)
IT'S NOT A HEAD.
OH, MY GOD!
IT'S A HEAD!
AH!
FINALLY!
(clacking)
MITCHELL!
I WAS JUST IN THE CAR,
AND I FOUND
MY FAT PANTS IN THERE.
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THAT?
WHAT? NO!
NO.
DID YOU FORGET TO PUT 'EM OUT?
NO. REMEMBER?
I POSED, PEOPLE CLAPPED.
I HAD MY MOMENT.
I DO REMEMBER THAT. THAT--
OH, THAT WAS A GREAT MOMENT.
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU'RE BEING WEIRD.
WHAT?
FIRST, I'M A PANTS THIEF
AND--AND NOW I CAN'T PAY YOU
A COMPLIMENT?
YOU KNOW WHO'S BEING WEIRD?
YOU.
HERE COMES CLAIRE!
HEY, GIRL!
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT WAS.
OKAY, I JUST SAW ALEX
AND MICHAEL SITTIN' IN A TREE.
DON'T MAKE ME SPELL THIS
OUT FOR YOU.
WELL,
WHAT CAN YOU DO?
I CAN'T DO ANYTHING,
BUT YOU TWO COULD TALK TO HER.
AND TELL HER WHAT?
MICHAEL'S PLAYING
FOR THE PINK TEAM.
OKAY, WE GET TO SAY THAT.
YOU DON'T REALLY.
I KNOW, BECAUSE YOU HAVE
CREDIBILITY,
AND I HAVE THE OPPOSITE
OF CREDIBILITY. I HAVE...
(sighs) I AM A MOTHER.
OKAY,
WE'RE NOT DOING THIS.
NO. WELL, NOW HOLD ON.
JUST A MINUTE.
YOU KNOW, WHEN I WAS...
YOUNG AND STRAIGHT,
I LEFT A TRAIL OF BROKEN HEARTS
LIKE A ROCK STAR.
I'M NOT PROUD OF IT.
AH, YOU'RE KINDA PROUD OF IT.
YOU WORK IT INTO
A LOT OF CONVERSATIONS.
HE BROUGHT IT UP YESTERDAY.
OKAY, HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO WALK INTO A DRY CLEANER
AND NOT MENTION MY GIRLFRIEND
WENDY JO MARTINIZER?
CAN WE GET BACK
TO MY PROBLEM?
YOU DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM, OKAY?
THEY'RE KIDS.
THEY'RE GONNA
WORK IT OUT.
(lowered voice)
CAN YOU TALK TO HER?
NOT WHEN
SHE'S LIKE THIS.
OH, YOU MEAN ALEX.
MM-HMM.
YEAH. I'LL DO IT.
THANK YOU.
CLAIRE, KIDS,
IF YOU'RE SEEING THIS,
THEN THEY FOUND MY BODY.
OR I FINALLY GOT A SIGNAL
AND I SENT IT TO YOU
IN AN E-MAIL.
ALTHOUGH IN THAT CASE,
I'D JUST CALL.
BUT SOMETIMES
YOU CAN ACTUALLY GET
A PRETTY DECENT DATA SIGNAL
AND NO VOICE.
I KNOW I'M NOT MAKING
ANY SENSE.
I'VE BEEN TRAPPED OUT HERE
NOW FOR...
27 MINUTES.
I'M SUCH AN IDIOT.
(insect buzzing) WHY DID I BRING
THIS STUPID MOTORCYCLE OUT HERE?
TO PROVE I'M A MAN?
I AM A MAN. (gasps)
(spits)
MOM.
MANNY,
WHAT IS THIS DOING HERE?
IF YOU DON'T MIND, WE'LL BE
ASKING THE QUESTIONS NOW.
I DO MIND.
I APOLOGIZE.
WE COULDN'T HELP OURSELVES.
(open latches)
BUT I'VE GOTTA KNOW.
WHY WERE YOU HIDING THIS?
(dramatic organ flourish plays)
(singsongy)
LOVE THIS! SOLD!
(Manny)
WHAT'S THE STORY HERE?
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT!
AW!
CUTE!
OH, WHERE'D
THAT COME FROM?
IT'S MY MOM'S.
SHE'S BEING VERY CAGEY.
WE THINK SOMETHING'S
STASHED IN THE HEAD.
(under breath, singsongy)
IT'S FROM COLOMBIA.
MOM,
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
OKAY, FINE.
WHEN I WAS YOUNG,
I WAS IN A BEAUTY PAGEANT.
ALL THE OTHER GIRLS,
FOR THEIR TALENT,
WERE JUGGLING KNIVES,
AS THEY ALWAYS DO.
BUT I WANTED
TO STAND OUT,
SO I CAME UP WITH...
UNCLE GRUMPY.
OKAY.
NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY.
NOT LEAVING TILL I SEE IT.
HIT IT, GLORIA.
EXCUSE ME,
HOW MUCH IS THIS VASE?
IT'S YOURS. TAKE IT.
SO WHAT DO YOU NEED HERE?
A STOOL? GLASS OF WATER?
HOW DO WE MAKE THIS HAPPEN?
LET'S GO. I NEED TO SEE THIS.
YOU SEE NOTHING.
THAT PAGEANT WAS ONE
OF THE WORST NIGHTS OF MY LIFE.
AFTER WEEKS
OF REHEARSING,
I FROZE,
AND WE WERE SPEECHLESS.
(mouths word)
AW, AND YOU LOST.
NO.
I WON.
IMAGINE THIS
WHEN I WAS 18.
BUT IT WAS
VERY HUMILIATING.
I DON'T WANT TO DO IT
EVER AGAIN.
AND YET, YOU KEPT HIM
ALL THESE YEARS.
MAYBE THERE'S A PART OF YOU
THAT WANTS TO WORK THROUGH THIS,
GET SOME CLOSURE.
YOU'RE WRONG,
WHOEVER YOU ARE.
IT'S GOING
ON 31 MINUTES.
I FEEL SO ALONE.
(grunts)
I GOTTA
GET MY LEG FREE.
(keys jangle)
(kisses)
(fabric rips)
WHY DIDN'T I WEAR MY SHANTS?!
(panting)
(fabric rips)
HEY, GUYS.
CHECK IT OUT.
YOU LIKE MY NEW BRACELET?
OOH, CUTE.
IT'S AN OLD CURTAIN RING
MICHAEL SAW OVER THERE.
HE BRAIDED THREE LEATHER
SHOELACES AROUND IT
AND VOILA.
(mouths words)
YOU KNOW, ALEX,
YOU AND MICHAEL
REMIND ME SO MUCH OF ME
AND MY FIRST GIRLFRIEND
ANNABELLE PICKETT.
HUH? YOU HAD A GIRLFRIEND?
OH.
YEAH. CUTEST GIRL
IN SUNDAY SCHOOL, TOO.
SO ONE YEAR,
I ASKED HER TO GO
TO THE CHURCH BAZAAR
LIP SYNC CONTEST WITH ME,
AND WE DID OUR VERSION
OF "ENDLESS LOVE"...
WHICH WAS IRONIC
BECAUSE TWO WEEKS LATER,
I FELL HEAD
OVER HEELS
FOR A YOUNG SQUARE-JAWED RODEO
TICKET TAKER NAMED WOODY RAY.
OH, NO.
OF COURSE, SHE WAS DEVASTATED,
JUST DESTROYED HER.
AND THEN SHE SPRAY-PAINTED
SOMETHING UNREPEATABLE
ON MY DADDY'S BARN
AND NEVER SPOKE TO ME AGAIN.
WOW, AND ALL BECAUSE
SHE WANTED YOU TO BE SOMETHING
YOU JUST WEREN'T.
MM-HMM.
YEAH.
UGH. STOP.
I GET IT.
I KNOW WHAT YOU THINK
ABOUT MICHAEL, MOM.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO BRING IN YOUR
BIG GAY GUNS TO BACK YOU UP.
NO OFFENSE.
NONE TAKEN.
I KINDA LIKE IT.
OKAY.
HONEY,
I AM WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET HURT.
I TOLD THEM THAT THIS WAS
A BAD IDEA, ALL RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, MAYBE MICHAEL'S GAY.
MAYBE HE'S NOT. HE IS.
YOUR MOTHER JUST WANTS YOU
TO HAVE ALL THE INFORMATION
SO THAT YOU CAN GO SLOW.
UNCLE MITCHELL,
HE'S STRAIGHT.
WE KISSED.
OH, HONEY, I...
I KISSED A LOT OF GIRLS
WHEN I WANTED TO BE STRAIGHT.
AND YOUR UNCLE CAM
KISSED SOME TOO, HE SAYS.
BUT THAT'S NEITHER HERE
NOR THERE.
WHAT'S IMPORTANT
IS THAT YOU MAKE
YOUR OWN--WHERE-- WAIT,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
IT'S NOT THE OLDEN DAYS
ANYMORE, YOU GUYS.
I CAN JUST ASK HIM.
OHH.
HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY.
I'M NOT.
THAT "OLDEN DAYS" COMMENT WAS
LIKE A PUNCH TO THE GUT.
SHE MAY AS WELL HAVE SPRAY
PAINTED IT ON MY DADDY'S BARN.
OKAY, I'M DONE WITH THIS.
WHERE'S HE GOING?
HEY, YOU GOT ANY BREAD?
I WANNA MAKE SURE
THIS THING STILL WORKS.
YEAH,
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
OH, IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO BE BREAD.
I MEAN, I CAN GET
THE INFORMATION I NEED
FROM, LIKE, A BAGEL
OR A FROZEN WAFFLE.
LOOK, KID,
YOU'RE JUST GONNA
HAVE TO ROLL THE DICE
ON THIS ONE.
(exhales deeply)
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S YOUR RETURN POLICY?
YOU RETURN,
I CALL THE POLICE.
WHERE'D YOU
GET THAT?
FROM THE KITCHEN.
GIVE ME THAT!
YOU SELLING
THE POT-BELLIED PIG?
GET OUT OF MY DRIVEWAY.
YOU'RE NOT A PIG.
YOU'RE DADDY'S
LITTLE GIRL.
THERE YOU ARE.
HEY.
SORRY.
I GOT LOST
IN THIS ELLE DECOR.
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE IS DESIGNING
HIS OWN HOME LINE,
AND I'M TRYING
TO RESERVE JUDGMENT.
(sighs)
MICHAEL I HAVE TO
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
IT'S OKAY EITHER WAY,
BUT...
ARE YOU GAY?
WHAT?!
NO!
I'M NOT!
I-I TOOK YOU TO PROM.
I KISSED YOU.
UNLESS YOU'RE A BOY,
I'M PRETTY SURE I'M STRAIGHT.
ARE--ARE YOU A BOY?
NO.
RIGHT.
SO THEN
I'M STRAIGHT.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO MAKE YOU MAD.
I'M NOT MAD.
I'M JUST...
ANGRY.
I'M SORRY.
AND THOSE ARE
SYNONYMS.
YOU JUST KNOW
EVERYTHING TODAY.
CAN YOU JUST GIVE ME
A MINUTE?
(sighs)
HEY.
CAN I HELP YOU?
YEAH. WHY DOES
EVERYBODY THINK I'M GAY?!
GOD, I HATE YARD SALES.
(coins clink)
THANK YOU.
SORRY FOR SNOOPING AROUND
AND FINDING YOUR OLD MAN DOLL.
IN COLOMBIA, IF YOU SNOOP
AROUND THE WRONG BOX,
YOU MIGHT END UP INSIDE
THAT BOX.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE IT.
NOW I FEEL BAD FOR MANNY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT
HOW BRAVE YOU ARE,
HOW YOU'RE NOT AFRAID
OF ANYTHING.
NOW... HE JUST SEEMS
A LITTLE SAD.
HOW SAD?
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S A GOOD THING.
HE NEEDS A LITTLE DOSE
OF REALITY.
YOU WALK
AROUND SCHOOL
TELLING EVERYONE HOW GREAT
YOUR MOMMY IS ALL THE TIME,
YOU FIND YOURSELF
ON THE BUSINESS END OF A WEDGIE.
I KNOW HOW TO PUSH BUTTONS
TO GET WHAT I WANT,
AND WHAT I WANT
IS TO SEE A PUPPET SHOW.
J'ACCUSE!
I'M SORRY.
ONE MORE TIME?
IT'S JUST A DRAMATIC WAY
OF ACCUSING YOU...
OF STASHING
MY FAT PANTS IN A BUSH!
SABOTEUR!
THAT'S A SECOND WAY.
HOW... COULD... YOU?
AND A THIRD.
WHY, MITCHELL?
WHY?
(sighs)
CAM... OH, COME ON.
ALL RIGHT,
THE... (sighs)
THIS IS A LITTLE HARD
TO SAY, BUT...
EVERY TIME YOU GET RID
OF THESE PANTS,
YOU HAVE TO BUY THEM
ALL OVER AGAIN,
AND YOU GET DEPRESSED,
ALL RIGHT?
THIS IS JUST A WAY
TO HAVE A SAFETY NET.
I CAN'T HAVE A SAFETY NET,
MITCHELL.
OTHERWISE, I WON'T BE SUCCESSFUL
AND KEEP THE WEIGHT OFF.
HAVE YOU EVER
THOUGHT OF THAT?
NO.
NO, I DIDN'T.
(sighs)
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO REMEMBERS
ALL THE TIMES I FAILED.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I-I SHOULD SUPPORT YOU MORE.
I'M--I'M SORRY.
I'M HAPPY
TO HEAR YOU SAY THAT.
WELL, I'M HAPPY
YOU'RE HAPPY.
WELL, I HOPE
YOU BOTH ARE HAPPY.
MICHAEL'S NOT GAY.
NOW HE HATES ME.
THANKS A LOT.
YOU SEE?
(sighs)
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I DIDN'T
WANT TO GET INVOLVED.
NOW I FEEL TERRIBLE.
THESE FEELINGS
WOULD GO GOOD WITH PIE.
(motorcycle revving)
(gasps)
THERE HE IS!
(turns off engine)
SWEETHEART,
DO YOU LOVE IT?
NO, CLAIRE,
I DO NOT LOVE IT.
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD
'CAUSE YOU LOOK SO COOL ON THAT.
DO I, CLAIRE?
DO I REALLY?
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
CHECK YOUR IN-BOX.
BUT SUFFICE IT TO SAY,
I'M NOT BUYING THAT MOTORCYCLE.
UH-HUH.
I KNOW WHAT I AM, CLAIRE.
I'M NOT A RIDER.
I'M A STRIDER.
I HOPE
THAT'S SEXY ENOUGH FOR YOU.
WELL,
I CAN SEE STUFF.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I CAN FEEL AIR ON IT.
MM.
IT'S NOT LIKE I HAVE
ANOTHER PAIR OF PANTS.
OH, UH, TODAY IS
YOUR LUCKY DAY. (chuckles)
IT'S FOR A GOOD CAUSE.
AW.
YOU MIGHT NEED A BELT.
OH, I DOUBT IT.
I BET WE WEAR THE SAME SIZE.
DON'T DO THAT.
COPY.
WELL, WE RUINED ALEX'S LIFE,
BY THE WAY.
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE LOOKS OKAY.
OH, LOOKS LIKE THEY MADE UP.
HMM.
IF SHE WOULD JUST LISTEN TO ME,
I COULD HER AVOID SO MUCH PAIN.
GIVE IT A REST.
SHE'S 14, ALL RIGHT?
NO MATTER WHO THAT BOY IS,
HE'S NOT GONNA LAST.
MM, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WELL,
AT LEAST WITH A GAY KID,
YOU KNOW SHE'S GONNA GET
A GREAT FLOWER ARRANGEMENT.
SHOULD'VE SEEN THE ONE
I MADE ANNABELLE.
ARRANGED IT MYSELF.
IT WAS GORGEOUS...
TILL SHE PULLED IT APART
AND SPELLED "HOMO" ON MY PORCH.
THIS DOESN'T MAKE ME FEEL
ANY BETTER. (chuckles)
GATHER AROUND,
EVERYBODY.
I WANT YOU
TO MEET SOMEBODY.
OH, BUT THAT MIGHT.
(voice breaks)
UNCLE GRUMPY.
LUKE'S WISE WORDS
GOT TO ME.
I NEEDED MY SON
TO RESPECT ME AGAIN.
MORE THAN THAT,
I NEEDED TO RESPECT MYSELF.
HOLY MARACAS!
I THINK I SAT
ON THE RIGHT LAP!
UNCLE GRUMPY,
WE'RE IN PUBLIC.
AY, LOOK AT
ALL THOSE WHITE FACES!
I SEE WE MADE IT
OVER THE WALL.
UNCLE GRUMPY,
ARE YOU IN A BAD MOOD?
DAMN RIGHT I AM!
I JUST CAME
FROM THE MOVIES.
A WHOLE DAY'S PAY
TO SEE "BASIC INSTINCT."
OH.
AND WHAT DID YOU THINK?
BASICALLY,
IT STINKED!
(laughter)
YOU'RE SO GRUMPY.
DAMN RIGHT I AM!
I JUST MET
THE GIRL OF MY DREAMS.
AY, THAT'S SUCH GREAT NEWS.
NO!
SHE GAVE ME
THE TERMITES.
(laughter)
GLORIA,
I'M JUST GONNA--
OH, JEEZ. I DON'T EVEN WANNA
KNOW WHAT THIS IS.
I'M OUTTA HERE.
YOU'RE LEAVING?
DAMN RIGHT.
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THIS AND A HOME INVASION
IS I GET TO SHOOT PEOPLE
AT A HOME INVASION.
OH, MY GOD.
SHE MARRIED HER PUPPET.
(gasps)
(applause)
(Alex) ENCORE! ENCORE!
(Cameron)
UNCLE GRUMPY!
CAN ANYONE
HEAR ME?!
PLEASE HELP ME!
I DON'T WANNA DIE!
IF I HAD TO MAKE
A PLAYLIST
FOR BEING TRAPPED
UNDER A MOTORCYCLE,
IT'D BE,
UM...
"STUCK IN THE MIDDLE,"
"HIT THE ROAD JACK,"
UM,
ANYTHING BY HEAVY D.
OOH, POINTER SISTERS,
"NEUTRON DANCE."
TURNS OUT TODAY
WASN'T THE FIRST DAY
OF THE REST OF MY LIFE.
(sighs)
OH, MY GOODNESS.
THERE'S SOME DVDs
IN A SHOE BOX IN,
UH, MY CLOSET THAT I WAS
HOLDING FOR... A BUDDY.
UM, YOU CAN GO AHEAD AND JUST
THROW THE WHOLE BOX AWAY.
(beatboxing)
(imitates needle scratching)
I'M SO HUNGRY.
I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
I'M GONNA BE OUT HERE.
I GOTTA
RATION MY FOOD.
(paper crinkling)
(spits)
I SAID NO TOMATOES!